[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7 min and
marketing with Pam my name is Pam dinner
I love sharing a little dose a b2b
digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time in my
previous episode I talked about the
importance of keeping up with marketing
technology one of the best ways I
mentioned is to talk to various vendors
and marketing conferences so when I went
to Montague West in a st. Hosea
Convention Center early April I did my
rounds and talked to different vendors
I'm not affiliated with any one of them
but I want to tell you about three
vendors that caught my eye and share
with you what they offer
the first one is voice' fide you can use
their platform to create a voice enabled
application which can be downloaded to
Amazon Alexa Google home Microsoft
Cortana and your chat box it allows
brands to seamlessly create and manage
their voice content across any number of
small speakers and devices this is very
similar to Lipson which some of you may
use to manage your podcast episodes lip
syncs that you upload your audio files
then automatically syndicate to iTunes
I heart radios and other podcasts or
radio channels the voice of I platforms
is the lips in version for voice and
more for lip scene you need to upload
the finished audio files before Boy
safai you can manage your content and a
list of questions and answers oh in one
platform you can update and refresh your
content on regular basis and you can
also customize and deploy your content
for different voice assistants and chat
BOTS and this is a fresh voice
management platform I have come across
so again it's called voice of AI voic
ify check it out the next one is Jolla I
enjoy talking to the co-founder Rob
Clarke he
incredibly passionate about tracking
customers online and offline touch
points to improve customer journeys and
quantify a lie basically tracking all
your marketing efforts and to and he
said if you really want to track each
touch point you need to standardize your
touch point tracking mechanism with
consistent marketing taxonomies across
all channels publishers content and
messaging I 100% agree with him most
marketing organizations are divided by
marketing functions marketers tend to
focus on measuring the marketing they
manage but someone someone needs to have
a holistic view and take that ownership
of automating and tracking beyond basic
beauty and parameters they offer three
products touch point I just mentioned
journeys dream that shows customers
touch points throughout their journeys
and prism is their dashboard I know many
vendors offer similar tools and
platforms I just thought that the
approach is sound especially coming from
the perspective of standardizing all the
tracking not just using api's to pour
data from various sources again is
called Strela as tra-la they position
themselves as turnkey insights and
attribution across all online and
offline touch points pretty cool the
next one is Ellis ok this company called
my ID because they want to help you pick
up the perfect gifts for your customers
Ellis spaces is give suggestions on
information that is pulled from
customers social media accounts the
company can also provide popular give
options on their platform apparently
they have one in 30,000 give options
their platform uses AI to select the
give options and is integrated with
Salesforce to track conversions the
company will also manage your drag mail
logistics pretty cool and here is a nice
have ya you can't really go round with a
gift selection if you think about it
whatever you choose your recipient and
this is option they offer will always be
able to donate the value to a meaningful
charity or exchange for another equally
valued gift so I think Ellis is a great
option if you claim to do one-to-one
hyper personalized account based
marketing ABM for strategic accounts
Ellis is spell a ly c e so check out
their website i talked to over 30
vendors and got a good understanding how
each one of them wants to fit into their
overall sales and marketing processes
understanding montague is overwhelming
the key is to understand what challenges
you aim to solve and take it from there
so if you have any questions you know
where to reach me
just google Pam dinner again if you like
the podcast please leave comments on
YouTube it will be greatly appreciated
so keep hustling my friends you've got
this
[Music]